
* [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116629/?ref_=ttqt_qt_tt)
* [错误](https://www.moviemistakes.com/main649)
* [Transcript](https://movies.fandom.com/wiki/Independence_Day/Transcript)
* [original transcript](https://independenceday.fandom.com/wiki/Independence_Day_Transcript)
* [wiki](https://independenceday.fandom.com/wiki/War_of_1996)

## Transcript

??? note "ASTRONAUT"

    For those who haven't read the plaque, we'll read the plaque.Here men from the planet Earth,first set foot upon the moon, July 1969. We came in peace for all mankind.

??? note "Super up: S.E.T.I., NEW MEXICO (google: movie super up meaning)"

    (CRICKETS CHIRPING FAINTLY)

    (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)

    (BEEPING RAPIDLY)

    (TURNS OFF MUSIC)

    (SIGNAL PULSING)

    (PHONE RINGING)

    If this isn't an insanely beautiful woman, I'm hanging up. 

    Sir. (STAMMERS) I think you should listen to this.

    (SIGNAL PULSING)

    Ow! Ow!

    Sir?

    MAN: God damn it! Damn!

    Sir?

    MAN: Damn.

    ---

    MAN: Come on, baby. Come on, baby. Come on, baby. Come on.

    This better not be another damn Russian spy job!

    Boys from Air Traffic Res says the skies are clear.

    It's the real thing. A radio signal from another world.

    Let. Let's. Let's not jump the gun here. Get online with Space Command. They're gonna want to know about... Jeez, what's with the golf balls. You're gonna kill me here.

    Wait. wait. This can't be right. The calculated distance from source, is only 375,000km.

    WOMAN: It's coming from the moon.

    (SIGNAL PULSING)

??? note "SPACE COMMAND. THE PENTAGON"

    GREY: Who else knows about this?

    MAN: S.E.T.I. in New Mexico identified a signal. But... they're even more confused than we are, sir.

    Excuse me.

    Major!

    MAN: Yes, sir.

    Radar reception has been impaired, but we were able to get these. We estimate that it has a diameter of over 550km and a mass roughly 1/4 the size of our moon.

    GREY: What the hell is it? A meteor?

    No, sir.

    MAN: No, definitely not.

    How do you know?

    Well sir, it's slowing down.

    It's what?

    MAN: It's... It's slowing down, sir.

    Get me the Secretary of Defense. Then wake him!

??? note "(PHONE RINGING)"

    Hello.

    MARY: Hi. It's me.

    TOM: Hi.

    What time is it there?

    It's 2:45 in the morning.

    MARY: I know I didn't wake you.

    As a matter of fact, you did.

    Liar.

    I have a confession to make.

    I'm sleeping next to a beautiful, young brunette.

    MARY: You didn't let her stay up all night watching TV? Did you?

    TOM: Of course not.

    You're gonna come home right after the luncheon, right?

    MARY: Yes, yes, yes, yes.

    Okay.

    Mommy?

    Here's your mother.

    MARY: (ON PHONE) Hi, honey!

    Hi. I miss you.

    I know, I miss you too.

    President Whitmore's approval ratings have slipped below 40%. Even his crime bill failed to pass.

    He's good.

    Are the salad days over for President Whitmore? More talk.

    MAN: (ON TV) Leadership as a pilot in the Gulf War is completely different from leadership in politics.

    Daddy let me watch Letterman.

    Traitor.

    WOMAN: (ON TV) That's the problem. They elected a warrior and they got a wimp.

    Good morning, George.

    GEORGE: Good morning, Mr. President.

    That game couldn't have been pretty.

    Thank you, sir.

    Connie, you're up awfully early this morning.

    They're not attacking your policies, sir. They're attacking your age.

    CONNIE: Address in Congress, "Whitmore seems less like the president and more like the orphan child Oliver asking: "Please sir, I'd like some more."

    That's clever.

    Yeah, well, I'm not laughing. Age was never an issue when you stuck to your guns. You were thought of as young, idealistic.
    
    Thanks.

    Now... the message has gotten lost. It's just too much politics, too much compromise.

    Isn't it amazing how quickly everyone can turn against you?

    (It's a fine line between standing behind a principle and hiding behind one.

    You can tolerate a little compromise, if you're actually managing to get something accomplished.

    Well... The Orange County Dispatch has voted you one of the ten sexiest men of the year.

    That's... That's accomplishing something.)

    MAN: Excuse me, Mr. President. It's the Secretary of Defense.

    Yes.

    Could you say that again?

??? note "MAN: (ON RADIO)"

    Station WXBY out here in Brooklyn. The temperature is 95 degrees in Central Park. What it is here in the borough, God only knows. Let's go to Nick Jones.He'll give us a traffic report to the beaches...

    JULIUS: So what are you waiting?




## 其他

* [Winnebago Brave](https://www.starrstrailersales.com/blog/5-most-famous-rvs)


